FFM-7575: STAGED 791xx FF release notes (#1394)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

#### Feature Flags UI

* Fixed an issue where the metrics loading spinner was hanging indefinitely. (FFM-6735)

> * The field for the YAML path in the Git connection form did not prevent entering an invalid path name beginning with `./`.
> The validation of this field has been updated to catch this invalid , and an error message is displayed if it is entered. (FFM-7448)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the field validation for the **YAML path** field in the Git connection form to prevent entering invalid path names beginning with `./`. (FFM-7448)
```

Reviewer: Suggestion is optional, but there is a word missing in your original version - "this invalid , and an error"

Author: Thanks April, yours is much better!
